add node.bold.enable flag to node running docs (#2062)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/run-arbitrum-node/03-run-full-node.mdx

  - Use the parameter `--chain.id=<L2 chain ID>` to set the child chain (L2) chain from its chain id. See [RPC endpoints and providers](/build-decentralized-apps/reference/01-node-providers.mdx) for a list of Arbitrum chains and their respective child chain chain IDs.
  - Alternatively, you can use the parameter `--chain.name=<L2 chain name>` to set the child chain from its name (options are: `arb1`, `nova` and `sepolia-rollup`)
  - Note: this parameter was called --l2.chain-id and only accepted chain IDs in versions before `v2.1.0`

> - For Arbitrum One or Arbitrum Nova chains (or any chains that have BoLD enabled), we recommend setting `--node.bold.enable=true` to ensure your node monitors for L1 assertions and alerts properly when an invalid assertion is observed on-chain. Setting this flag is not required as your node will continue to operate properly, validating the Arbitrum One/Nova chain, and serving RPC requests as usual, regardless of this flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For Arbitrum One or Arbitrum Nova chains (or any chains that have BoLD enabled), we recommend setting `--node.bold.enable=true` to ensure your node monitors for L1 assertions and alerts properly when an invalid assertion is observed on-chain. Setting this flag is not required as your node will continue to operate properly, validate the Arbitrum One/Nova chain, and serve RPC requests as usual, regardless of this flag.
```
